This is a review of the ms "Newton's Second Law" submitted by Krasnopolsky et
al. The ms investigates the relationship between force, mass, and acceleration
by analyzing the motion of a cart while it is being pulled by a (falling)
mass. I recommend MAJOR REVISION NEEDED; RESUBMIT.

Title: The title (Newton's second law) gives very little insight into what
aspect of the second law is to be tested or how; and there is no abstract.

Introduction: The introduction does not set up a testable hypothesis. The
methods to be used are only vaguely mentioned; for example, a cart being "pulled
by a mass" explains little about how the mass will actually pull anything.

Methods and materials: The materials are given as a bullet list; this is
unacceptable. Some items are trivial like string, while others, no supplier
is listed (for cart or track) so I am not sure how I would replicate their
methods. The setup photos are difficult to read and do not show key aspects
clearly; a diagram or drawing would work better here.

The experimental procedure is described in prose but lacks certain details.
For example, the cart was allowed to move over 45 cm, was it freely
accelerating? The time to move 45cm was recorded. The paper claims to calculate
the tension force but does not explain how.

No details of experimental design are given and it is left to the reader
to figure out. It seems like the authors use a 500g cart and vary a hanging
mass between 200g and 1kg; thus both the F and the total system mass
are changing in their test. They should explicitly explain this design of
experiment; normally it is cleaner to change only one thing at a time.

Results: The MS provides a table of times for various hanging masses, 200, 500 and 1000 g. The time for the cart (m=500 g) is given in seconds. The authors then
compute the force from the hanging mass as mg; but curiously ignore the hanging
mass in their computation of "the theoretical force" which is never defined.

Discussion: The presentation of the results makes it impossible to verify the
authors claim that they have verified Newton's second law, or that their values are lower than theoretical values.

It appears the authors which to compare:
F = m_hanging g
versus
(m_cart+m_hanging) a_measured
It seems some sort of linear graph might work, but with only 3 values of m_hanging it will be difficult to draw conclusions for how well the data fit F=ma. 

Acknowledgements are given as a bulleted list when a sentence or two would suffice. 
